hi folks I was going to show you how to
properly install the road tech DRLs here
but I have already installed the sucker
and I it's extremely difficult to remove
so here's another tip it to make sure
you check your lights before popping the
sucker back in so here is the OEM light
here and obviously this is the new DRLs
here so once you put the card in here
and you take the old lights out here in
the back I'm just going to go ahead and
just go behind here so you can see the
same orientation this is the front
driver side so on the back once you
remove it you could have three wires
from the OEM this one this one in the
middle and this one out here on the side
these are the corresponding bulbs that
came out with it okay so essentially
what you're going to do is you can go
ahead and remove this wire right here
out from this bowl but leave the housing
inside okay then you're going to proceed
to remove this one when you remove this
one remove the whole bulb okay and the
housing from the original OEM take the
bulb out this is where you will plug the
rotek white plug in to where this bulb
was housed at on the new light same
thing with this one when you remove this
bulb out from the OEM you're going to
take the whole housing out remove the
bulb from the OEM once you remove the
bulb this one on the new DRLs you're
going to have a little thing here that
looks like the end of the bulb that from
the new housing it's going to go into
the housing of the original car wires
and that's it the only Tippett that I
would have to tell you is that this is
the parking light here so when you plug
the new
he knew light inside inside make sure
that you flip the port the plug back and
forth just to make sure I mean the
polarity just to make sure that you have
light before you pop back in because
once this is in it's extremely difficult
to remove I'm sure that other people may
have different stories but it took me
almost half an hour and I just gave up
but fortunately I was able to test it
out before i plug it back in so that's
it hope you guys said get your stunt and
hopefully we don't throw any error codes
okay thanks guys bye bye